This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2658

Thanks to my revolutionary plugin, with it's completely off-the-wall vision
the world, the world of editing code got a trip of LSD right into your editing.
And it's perfectly legal.  Inspired by a former girlfriend of mine who was
editing music on a spiralling, moving, scrolling colorful note editing package
I thought to myself why should music composition packages be the beneficiary of high
power graphics cards and not the people who make the software.   So I set
about trying to do the same things. 

What's clearly not happening from this perspective is that the same old
color scheme all do basically one thing.  They color code one color.  All
Contants look this, all Statements look that, yawn.  Actually what I done here
is break away from normal and open new boundaries.   This is the mind's power.
The creation of new space.  When you're creating new space you're also
creating possibilities.  The universe is the world of possibility
Possibility is only made possible if there is space enough to create it.

Current schemes are currently stiff and boring, they allow you to change your
decor once and that's it.  The real world is dynamic and this kind of defeats
the object.  It's sad and one sided.  This is my bid to remedy the situation.

But the nice thing is you don't have to get rid of your old beloved
color scheme.  On the contrary.  It gives your old color scheme spurs and
kicks it back into life.  It becomes active when you're stuck in editing, and
as soon as you finish your edit as you do :w -rite the world in motion becomes
rule again and to help you in motion it is coded, with light colors to signify
o'clock side of the hour, and dark colors to signify half hours, with
everything in between smoothly blended.  

	It's easy to un-install and try.  On MacVIM it's extremely smooth, the
color blending is perfect.  On Windows it's a tiny bit flickery but it works
if you try.  Not a patch on the Mac version though, but usable.

	If you wanna set your own permanent color scheme just insert this
line in your _vimrc file.
		let g:permanentColorScheme = <XXX_WHATEVER_XXX>
	where
		XXX_WHATEVER_XXX is your choice of color scheme.
	So like
		let g:permanentColorScheme = "blue"
	will change away the permanent color scheme from "darkblue" that
changingColor.vba sets when you first install it to "blue", or "delek", or
"koehler" or anything else you might prefer.
